In a timeline where the coconut crab never existed, humans may not have learned that coconuts could be eaten
peppercorn (black pepper), as well as all nuts (excluding peanuts), and coffee beans are fruits
If someone taught a raccoon how to set a fire that wouldn’t be good
Almonds are part of the peach family.
Honey is considered raw meat by the fda
Mushrooms are filled as an animal.
Not only is pineapple a berry, it’s actually a cluster of berries that have grown together to form the one collective known as the pineapple
Pineapples are actually called pineapples after pinecones which were once called pineapples, but given their resemblence, the fruit took the name.
Orange (the color) is named after the fruit as the color was once considered a shade of red.
Purple used to be the most expensive colour
Sumptuary laws prevented any person not of actual royal birth from wearing purple.
tomatoes were once considered highly poisonous. An assassination attempt was made by putting a tomato in someone’s soup to kill them. When they finished the soup, they loved it, and asked for more. With this came the invention of tomato soup
Many people tend to be allergic to tomato pollen.
because of the fact that tomatoes were served on lead plates. The acidic fruit absorbed the lead and when people ate them, they got lead poisoning
The word plumber comes from the Latin plumbus which means lead which is what Roman sewage and water pipes were made from. If you were rich enough to afford them, you'd likely die faster than if you didn't have them.
Hundreds of years ago there was an official court trial dubbed “trial by cake” where the accused would eat an entire cake, if they choked on the cake, they were guilty. If they finished it and were fine, they were innocent. Trial by cake was only used one time, and the 1 time it was used, they choked on the cake
Norsemen were actually well groomed and usually bathed once a week or so despite the depictions of filthy savages in modern media.
Medieval norsemen that is.
Vikings openly cried and if you didn't you were considered weak.
Roman soldiers had long hair and would comb their hair extensively before a battle to look their best in the afterlife.
Broccoli isn't natural! It was a breed of several different cabbages cultivated by Italian farmers!
Old humans used to think giants existed because they'd stumble upon bear skeletons that looked like human skeletons but were much bigger.
The word "claymore" refers to both the single-handed Scottish Broadsword as well as the Scottish Claideamh Mór which was a two-handed sword.